Discard session API and bindings for `Room` (#2941)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

- Add `Client::subscribe_to_room_updates` and `room::Common::subscribe_to_updates`
- Add `Client::rooms_filtered`
- Add methods on `Client` that can handle several authentication APIs.

> - Add new method `force_discard_session` on `Room` that allows to discard the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new method `discard_room_keys` on `Room` that allows to discard the current
```
